Add frontend code and build script to backend (#423)
run-llama/create-llama: templates/types/streaming/fastapi/README-template.md

poetry run generate
```

Third, if you want to use the app with a chat UI, you will need to build the frontend once. If not, you can skip this step:

```
poetry run build
```

Finally, run the app:

```

> poetry run dev

Reviewer: how about `poetry run dev` also runs the dev frontend (via a proxy to `npm run dev`)? then we don't need this confusing change in the readme

Reviewer: also don't forgeet to use `poetry run dev` in the other READMEs

You can start editing the API endpoints by modifying `app/api/routers/chat.py`. The endpoints auto-update as you save the file. You can delete the endpoint you're not using.

> If you have built the frontend, open [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) in your browser to access the chat UI. If not, open [http://localhost:8000/docs](http://localhost:8000/docs) to view the Swagger UI documentation for the API.

Reviewer: how about we generalize it like this?
```suggestion
Open [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) with your browser to start the app. If you didn't generate a frontend, then you will reach the Swagger UI of the backend.
```
